Bookings terminology list update (#790)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: wix-bookings/guides/Terminology.md

> # Wix Bookings Terminology

Reviewer: Maybe consider adding more terms, like policy, eCommerce... maybe some "cancellation fee"-related terms? 
I think these things were added after glossary was written. I wonder what other new features popped up that we can add to the list... Obviously we can do this over time... not essential for now.

Author: Yes, we should find a system to add terms whenever they're introduced in any API. Policy is already there, and link to eCom from the checkout description. I hope I'll remember to add cancellation fee once it has been released in the APIs.

[Wix Bookings](https://support.wix.com/en/article/about-wix-bookings) allows business owners to accept and manage bookings for their services.

This article contains a comprehensive list of the various terms and concepts used in all of Wix Bookings and its APIs.

| Term | Definition |
|---------------|-------------------------|
| [Appointment](https://support.wix.com/en/article/creating-the-right-booking-service-for-your-business#appointments) | A specific time slot that a customer can book in a calendar. For example, a hair salon is open Monday to Friday from 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM. Customers can book a session at any available time during these hours. |

> | Appointment schedule | Defines when customers can book a session for an appointment service. Bookings are based on the business’s opening hours, session duration, time between sessions, and staff availability. For example, a hair salon operates Monday to Friday, 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM, offering 30-minute and 1-hour haircuts. One staff member is available from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, and another from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM, with 15-minute buffers between sessions. Customers can book an appointment if the service and at least one staff member are available, considering the 15-minute buffer before and after the session. |

Author: Thanks, Marta! I've changed it to "appointment-based service".

| Business owner | The owner of the business that offers services through Wix. Can be a different person than the site owner. The business owner makes decisions such as confirming or declining a booking.
| [Calendar](https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-bookings-about-the-wix-booking-calendar) | General overview about the availability and bookings of the business, including its services and resources. You can manage appointments, classes, and courses on the calendar. |
| `CANCELED` (Booking status) | Indicates that the booking has been canceled by the site owner or the customer. Cancel bookings using [Cancel Booking](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/business-solutions/bookings/bookings-and-time-slots/bookings-v2/bookings-v2-and-confirmation/bookings-cancel-booking). |
| Catalog | A list of all the different services a business provides. |
| Category (Service)| A label used to group services, helping business owners, your app, and customers to filter and organize services efficiently. |

> | Checkout | Customers must complete the [checkout](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/business-solutions/e-commerce/checkout/introduction) when booking a service. |

Reviewer: we should add a sentence that defines what the checkout is, instead of defining a term with the same term.

Author: Thanks, I've copied a sentence from eCom.

| Service | Business offering, in the form of an appointment, class, or course. For example, a fitness studio may offer a 1-hour yoga class, a 45 minute HIIT training session, and a 30 minute 1-on-1 personal training. Services can be session-based or availability-based: <br />- Session-based service: Generally a group session that has a set day and time, and takes place regardless of the number of participants that sign up (for example, a yoga class that takes place every Tuesday at 4:00 PM or a class that has 8 sessions that take place on Wednesdays at 7:00 PM). <br />- Availability-based service: Generally a 1-on-1 or group session that is available for booking, but will only take place if a participant books it (for example, a barber that is available for appointments Monday through Friday, from 08:00 AM to 5:00 PM). |
| Status (Booking) | Information about the status of the booking. Possible statuses include: `CREATED`, `PENDING`, `CONFIRMED`, `DECLINED`, `WAITING-LIST`, `UPDATED`, `CANCELED` |

> | Status (Service) | Information about the status of a service. Statuses include: `ACTIVE`, `DELETED`.

Author: I've removed this line, since Bookings V2 is using a "hidden" boolean instead.

> | External calendar provider | The 3rd-party service that provides an external calendar. For example, [Google](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/guides/overview), [Apple](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/calendar), or [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/calendar?view=graph-rest-1.0). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| External calendar provider | The 3rd-party service that provides an external calendar such as, [Google](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/guides/overview), [Apple](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/calendar), or [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/calendar?view=graph-rest-1.0). |
```

> | External calendar resource | A resource that doesn't have a Wix Bookings calendar. Instead, the resource's availability is managed with an external calendar. For example, your app or the business owner may decide to manage availability through a staff member's Gmail account and Google calendar. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| External calendar resource | A resource that doesn't have a Wix Bookings calendar. Instead, the resource's availability is managed with an external calendar. For example, your app or the business owner may decide to manage availability through a staff member's Gmail account, and Google calendar. |
```

Author: Don't we use serial commas only for 3 or more items?

> | Form | The booking form that's displayed to customers in the Wix site when they book the service. For example, customers can input their name into the bookings form. |

Reviewer: Is there a good place to link to in the Help Center that shows/describes the form?

> | Integration | Extended functionality that's implemented by a 3rd-party service provider and made available to the merchant using Wix SPIs. For example, you, as a pricing provider, can offer custom varied pricing options to a Wix site using the [Wix Bookings Pricing Integration REST SPI](https://dev.wix.com/api/rest/wix-bookings/pricing-integration-spi). |

Reviewer: Global change - we now say "service plugin" instead of SPI. 
For first time use in an article, we can say "service plugin (formerly SPI).

> | Merchant | The business that offers services to customers. The merchant has a Wix site for their business, unless your app is working with a [Headless](https://dev.wix.com/docs/go-headless/getting-started/about-headless/about-wix-headless) project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Merchant | The business that offers services to customers. The merchant has a Wix site for their business, unless your app is working with a [Headless](https://dev.wix.com/docs/go-headless/getting-started/about-headless/about-wix-headless) project (in which case the site is hosted outside of the Wix ecosystem). |
```

> | Option (Pricing) | The pricing possibilities for a service, which can vary based on factors such as the staff member, customer age, appointment time, or type of equipment. Each option has a list of supported choices and may affect the service price or have a uniform price. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Option (Pricing) | The pricing possibilities for a service, which can vary based on factors such as the staff member, customer age, appointment time, or type of equipment. Each option has a list of supported choices that may affect the service price or the option may have a uniform price. |
```

> | Service | A business offering, that can be a class, course, or appointment-based. For example, a fitness studio may offer 30-minute 1-on-1 personal training sessions by appointment, 1-hour yoga classes every Monday at 7:00 PM, and introductory HIIT courses consisting of 3 training sessions on specific dates. For more information, see appointment, class, and course. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service | A business offering, which can be a class, course, or appointment-based. For example, a fitness studio may offer 30-minute 1-on-1 personal training sessions by appointment, 1-hour yoga classes every Monday at 7:00 PM, and introductory HIIT courses consisting of 3 training sessions on specific dates. For more information, see appointment, class, and course. |
```

> | Service | A business offering, that can be a class, course, or appointment-based. For example, a fitness studio may offer 30-minute 1-on-1 personal training sessions by appointment, 1-hour yoga classes every Monday at 7:00 PM, and introductory HIIT courses consisting of 3 training sessions on specific dates. For more information, see appointment, class, and course. |

Reviewer: Small thing - I noticed sometimes we say "for more details" and sometimes we say "for more information" - we could try to be consistent.
Also, can we delete the word "more?"

> | [Service Provider Interface (SPI)](https://dev.wix.com/api/rest/getting-started/service-provider-interface#getting-started_service-provider-interface_introduction) | SPIs are APIs that are defined by Wix, which you can choose to implement. By doing so, you become a service provider. Then, Wix calls your service during a certain flow, waits for your response, and continues the flow with it. For example, as a pricing provider you can offer custom varied pricing options to a Wix site using the [Wix Bookings Pricing Integration REST SPI](https://dev.wix.com/api/rest/wix-bookings/pricing-integration-spi). |

Reviewer: Not in alphabetical order

> | [Service Provider Interface (SPI)](https://dev.wix.com/api/rest/getting-started/service-provider-interface#getting-started_service-provider-interface_introduction) | SPIs are APIs that are defined by Wix, which you can choose to implement. By doing so, you become a service provider. Then, Wix calls your service during a certain flow, waits for your response, and continues the flow with it. For example, as a pricing provider you can offer custom varied pricing options to a Wix site using the [Wix Bookings Pricing Integration REST SPI](https://dev.wix.com/api/rest/wix-bookings/pricing-integration-spi). |

Reviewer: Rename to Service plugin

Author: Thanks, I've changed it everywhere.

> | Site owner | The owner of the Wix site which has Wix Bookings installed and all [site contributors](https://support.wix.com/en/article/inviting-people-to-contribute-to-your-site). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Site owner | The owner of the Wix site that has Wix Bookings installed and all [site contributors](https://support.wix.com/en/article/inviting-people-to-contribute-to-your-site). |
```
We use "that" without a comma before it.... or ", which" that must have a comma before it. 

https://study.com/learn/lesson/which-vs-that.html#:~:text='That'%20is%20used%20to%20introduce,extra%20information%20about%20a%20noun.

> | `WAITING_LIST` (Booking status) | Indicates that the booking is on a waitlist. Currently, waitlists are available only for classes and not for courses or appointment services. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WAITING_LIST` (Booking status) | Indicates that the booking is on a waitlist. Currently, waitlists are available only for classes and not for courses or appointments. |
```

Author: I've changed it to "appointment-based services"

> | Membership plans with [Wix Pricing Plans](https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-bookings-about-wix-bookings#selling-membership-plans-and-packages) | Prepaid bundles of services or memberships providing access to certain services. |

Reviewer: not sorted

Author: I've shortened it "Wix Pricing Plans", so it's in alphabetical order.
